Add digital registration package (#209)
ournetworks/ournetworks.ca: registration-package.md

---
layout: page
order: 0
title: "Digital Registration Package"
---

We've prepared a digital registration package for those attending the event. Be sure to check out the [public program]() and [attendee page]() for all the details on how to connect to sessions and links to the conference chat and gathering space!

## Event Program 

> - [Our Networks 2020](/registration-package/2020-mailout-program.pdf) (please see our interactive [online program](/program/) for more details)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Our Networks 2020](/registration-package/2020-mailout-program.pdf) (please see our interactive [online program](https://p2party.ournetworks.ca/) and your email with login instructions for full details)
```
